HiPo Workshop Content (#4)
dj1k/aws-modernization-gitops-with-weaveworks: content/40_workshop_4_hipo-teams/30_gitops_enable_clusters/_index.md

+++
title = "GitOps Enable Clusters"
chapter = true
weight = 30
+++

# GitOps Enable Your EKS Cluster

[gitops](https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/) is a way to do Kubernetes application delivery. It works by using Git as a single source of truth for Kubernetes resources and everything else. With Git at the center of your delivery pipelines, you and your team can make pull requests to accelerate and simplify application deployments and operations tasks to Kubernetes.

> Its assumed that you have already completed [Workshop 1: Introduction to GitOps on EKS](/22_workshop_1/) and as suck we will be speeding through some of the base Flux commands.

Reviewer: nit: Its to It's, suck to such
```suggestion
It's assumed that you have already completed [Workshop 1: Introduction to GitOps on EKS](/22_workshop_1/) and as such we will be speeding through some of the base Flux commands.
```
